[nrfconnect] Added support for multi-image Device Firmware Upgrade (#43)
kkasperczyk-no/connectedhomeip: examples/lighting-app/nrfconnect/README.md

    $ west build -b build-target -- -DBUILD_WITH_DFU=1

> **Note**:
>

> > There are two types of Device Firmware Upgrade modes that are single-image DFU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are two types of Device Firmware Upgrade modes: single-image DFU
```

> > and multi-image DFU. Single-image mode supports upgrading only one firmware image
> > that is application image and should be used for single-core nRF52840 DK device.
> > Multi-image mode allows to upgrade more firmware images and is suitable to upgrade
> > application core and network core firmware in two-cores nRF5340 DK device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> and multi-image DFU. Single-image mode supports upgrading only one firmware image,
> the application image, and should be used for single-core nRF52840 DK devices.
> Multi-image mode allows to upgrade more firmware images and is suitable for upgrading
> the application core and network core firmware in two-core nRF5340 DK devices.
```

#### Changing Device Firmware Upgrade configuration

To change the default DFU configuration, edit the `overlay-single_image_dfu_support.conf`

> or `overlay-multi_image_dfu_support.conf` overlay files depending on whether build target device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or `overlay-multi_image_dfu_support.conf` overlay files depending on whether the build target device
```

supports multi-image DFU (nRF5340 DK) or single-image DFU (nRF52840 DK). The files are located
in the `config/nrfconnect/app` directory. You can also define the desired
options in your example's `prj.conf` file.

#### Changing bootloader configuration

To change the default MCUboot configuration, edit the `mcuboot_single_image_dfu.conf`

> or `mcuboot_multi_image_dfu.conf` overlay files depending on whether build target device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or `mcuboot_multi_image_dfu.conf` overlay files depending on whether the build target device
```

supports multi-image DFU (nRF5340 DK) or single-image DFU (nRF52840 DK). The files are located
in the `configuration` directory.

> Make sure to apply the configuration changes that are consistent with the application configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to keep the configuration consistent with changes made to the application configuration.
```
